Hi.
I'm Andrew Morgan, and welcome to the course, Spring Data Overview.
In this module,
we'll be learning about how we can use Spring Data
repositories in order to query our data stores.
We'll first give an overview of what the repository pattern is to call a
pattern or abstraction that Spring Data makes use of.
We'll then take a deep dive into Spring Data repositories.
We'll make use of the CRUD repository for CRUD operations,
query generation with derived queries, the paging and sorting abstractions,
and completely custom repositories.
We'll also take a look at how we can swap Spring Data modules entirely,
keeping most of our code as is in order to demonstrate the shared programming model.